update security of keypackages (#10)
rohanmahy/mls-private-external: draft-mahy-mls-private-external.md

## Security of KeyPackages

In the classical usage of MLS, a member of a group fetches a KeyPackage, commits an Add proposal containing that KeyPackage, then sends a Welcome to the new member.
In order to forward a Welcome message to the correct recipient, the DS needs to be able to associate the `KeyPackageRef` with some resource that eventually delivers to the appropriate client.

As long as KeyPackages are exchanged securely out-of-band, this extension extends the privacy of the MLS GroupContext and ratchet tree to external joiners.

> When the DS knows the relationship between a fetched KeyPackage and the requesting user or target group, the DS can then link an added member (via its `KeyPackageRef`) to the requesting user or target group. An appropriate privacy-preserving mechanism for associating a `KeyPackageRef` with the intended member without a linkage to the requesting user or target group (e.g., via Oblivious HTTP {{?RFC9458}}) prevents this correlation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the DS knows the relationship between a fetched KeyPackage and the requesting user or target group, the DS can then link an added member (via its `KeyPackageRef`) to the requesting user or target group.
An appropriate privacy-preserving mechanism (e.g., via Oblivious HTTP {{?RFC9458}}) can associate a `KeyPackageRef` with the target member, without a correlation to the requesting user or target group.
```
